hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft the series where I teach
English while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up so if you watched my
previous video
you're probably wondering where I am
right now because I'm in the ocean
nowhere close to my house
and this isn't where I left off in the
last video
and that's because I tried filming a
video where I went exploring
but
that video became corrupt and I lost the
footage
so this is where I left off in that
video
on a sunken ship
but on this sunken ship I found some
interesting things like
four smithing templates
I found some bamboo and some potatoes
I also found this buried treasure map
but anyways for right now I'm going to
get in my boat
and begin sailing back home because I
have a lot of new things to show you
so let's begin sailing back home
whoa
but I didn't explore these ruins
oh
that drowned was holding a trident
those drowns that are holding tridents
are very dangerous
let's get out of the boat
there's a chest right there
go up
what's in here
coal gold an emerald
and an enchanted fishing rod okay back
in the boat
oops
oh there's another one right here
I hear drowns close by uh oh
okay I'm I'm sailing away
I don't want to die right now because
I'm pretty far away from my house
oh and there are the cherry blossom
trees which means that I'm close to my
house
and Tada my house
as you can see I pretty much finished
building my house all right let's get
off the boat
so this is my house
I'm pretty much finished building it as
you can see I finished the roof
up there
I finished building the roof
I still need to build some windows for
over there and over there
but first I'll need to go collect some
sand
aside
I finished the floor
as you can see the floor is all Stone
now
Stone
and upstairs
I've begun building some chests right
here
I built some lanterns that are hanging
from the ceiling up there
I built four lanterns
one two three four
I still need to build some chests for
here and here and over here
I'm going to have chess on this side and
this sides I want to build chests on
both sides of this room
and right here I want to build a huge
window that overlooks the beautiful view
of the river and the mountains
so it's night time let's go to sleep all
right it's morning so today I want to go
collect some sends and finish building
the windows for my house
so I'm going to build a shovel
do I have a shovel
yes I have two shovels one two
um
and I'll build one more shovel out of
iron all right one two sticks
two sticks and one iron mix an iron
shovel
cool let's go search for some sand
there is some sand over there
I'm going to start walking that way
and while I'm at it
I'm going to kill these cows because I
still need food
sorry cow
all right eight raw beef
now let's collect some Sands using my
shovel
all right I'm going to collect a lot of
sand because I have a lot of space for
Windows on my house
so I'm going to collect lots of sand
all right my first shovel broke on to
the next shovel
there we go
all right my second shovel broke now I'm
on to my final shovel the iron shovel
there's lava down there
I should be careful
all right that should be enough
sand
and it's time to make my way back home
my house
do you like my house
tell me in a comment
swim swim swim
[Music]
oh I also built an iron helmet and boots
in the video that got corrupted so I
have two armor now
all right here we are okay
so when you smelt sand in a furnace it
turns into glass
so I'll begin smelting glass here and
here
I might need more coal than just two
let's see
there we go
now the glass is smelting
while this glass is smelting I have
another thing to show you
down here
it's the mine
I continued digging down in the mine
I'm swimming with a sword in my hand
all right it's the mine this sign says
mine
I also built some chests right here but
these chests are empty there's nothing
inside these chests yet
they're empty
I'll show you what's down in the mine
there's lots of interesting things down
here
so
first of all right here
the mine connects to this cave system
this is a Cave System
that has stalactites and stalagmites
more caves
further down
it connects to the mine shaft right here
this is the mine shaft and I haven't
explored this area yet
right here I found a diamond that I dug
up
I'll explore this area in a future video
but not right now
let's continue down
so right here the staircase connects to
another cave
but this cave system is special
look
that is called a deep dark city
it's an underground city
and in the deep dark city there's a boss
called the warden
I've never explored one of these cities
before
so before I go down there I want to have
diamond tools and armor
because I think it's really dangerous
down there
and if we continue downward
the staircase runs into
this which I think is connected to the
deep dark city
whoa
again I've never explored one of these
areas before so I at least want to have
diamond armor before going down here
so that is what I found down here in the
mine
pretty interesting
all right it's night time
let's go to sleep
in the bed
all right morning and now I think the
glass should be finished smelting let's
see
33 glass and 33 glass
cool
now I'm going to turn
this glass into glass panes
using the crafting table oh also in the
video that I filmed that got corrupted I
used this Anvil to repair
my enchanted bow
thanks to this user's comment so thanks
for the comments it definitely helps me
because I don't know everything about
Minecraft
okay
one two three four five six glass makes
16 glass panes
there we go 48 glass panes now let's
begin placing the windows
windows windows windows
Windows all right this is going to be a
big window
awesome
I really like this big window
all right
down here
[Music]
one two
there's a spider in my house
die a spider
die die
that is why I need Windows
to keep out the monsters
[Music]
oh
well I need to build more glass panes
[Music]
there we go and
one two three four five six there we go
that's all of the windows
so now
my house is really finished
[Music]
I like it
I'm pretty happy with this house
I still don't know what I'm going to do
with this part
hmm
think I want to build a pathway that
leads to a garden
over here or something like that I don't
know for sure right now I'm
cooking some of my beef in the furnace
right here
okay
seven steak that should be enough for
now I'm going to eat one
eat
there we go I
ate one steak
and
the final thing that I want to do in
this video is find this
buried treasure
so let's get back in my boat right there
and begin searching
oh
okay I'm getting really close
I need to go this way
I'm really close to the buried treasure
all right I think it's right here on the
shore
let's get off of the boat
let's see uh-oh it might be down there
in the water
okay
I'm going to dig down right here
hmm
back up
hmm I still haven't found it okay back
down
oh there it is
[Music]
all right I found it let's go down there
and check it out
thank you whoa okay iron diamonds
fish
TNT
another heart of the sea and some
emeralds all right awesome
cool well I found the treasure so I
think I'm going to end this episode
right here thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video you
could leave me a like or subscribe to my
channel and as always I will see you in
the next video see ya
foreign
[Music]